fix(docs): sequencer fee recipient removal (#17809)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/the_aztec_network/setup/sequencer_management.md

- **Format**: Array of Ethereum private keys
- **Default**: Uses attester key if not specified

> - **Requirement**: Maintain at least 0.1 ETH per attester account, divided across all publisher accounts, to avoid slashing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rule of thumb**: Ensure every publisher account maintains at least 0.1 ETH per attester account it serves. This balance allows the selected publisher to successfully post transactions when chosen.
```

#### coinbase (optional)

> Ethereum address that receives all L1 rewards and fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ethereum address that receives all L1 block rewards and tx fees. 
```

# Save these securely - you'll need the private key for the keystore
```

> At minimum, you need one Ethereum private key for the `attester` field. Optionally, you can generate a separate key for the `publisher` field and a separate address for the `coinbase` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a minimum, you need one Ethereum private key for the `attester` field. Optionally, you can generate a separate key for the `publisher` field and a separate address for the `coinbase` field.
```

Replace the placeholder values with your actual keys and addresses generated in the previous section.

:::warning
Publisher accounts post block proposals to L1 and must collectively maintain at least 0.1 ETH per attester account to avoid slashing.

**Examples:**
- 3 attesters with 1 publisher: Maintain at least 0.3 ETH in that publisher account

> - 3 attesters with 2 publishers: Maintain at least 0.15 ETH in each publisher account (0.3 ETH total)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publisher accounts submit block proposals to L1. Each publisher operates independently, and the system does not retry with another publisher if a transaction fails due to insufficient funds.

**Examples**:
- 3 attesters with 1 publisher → Maintain ≥ 0.3 ETH in that publisher account
- 3 attesters with 2 publishers → Maintain ≥ 0.15 ETH in each publisher account (0.3 ETH total)

Maintaining these minimum balances prevents failed block publications caused by low gas funds.
```
